README.md, before:

# LAWRENCE PORTFOLIO
This is my Portfolio Landing Page project. It was developed by me (Lawrence Otieno).

## DESCRIPTION
This Portfolio Project is developed to provide insights about me to portential employers and hiring individuals/organizations.


<p align="center">
    Common Styles & Theme Used
</p>

## SUPPORT AND CONTACT DETAILS
For any Suppoert or Feedback, fill free to contact the me through email at lawifirst@gmail.com or visit: [Lawi Otieno Github](https://github.com/LawiOtieno).
We are open for any recommendation and update suggestions.

## LICENSE
[MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).

Copyright (c) [2021] [Lawrence Otieno]
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

added technology used in README

README.md, after:

# LAWRENCE PORTFOLIO
This is my Portfolio Landing Page project. It was developed by me (Lawrence Otieno).

## Description
This Portfolio Project is developed to provide insights about me to portential employers and hiring individuals/organizations.


<p align="center">
    Common Styles & Theme Used
</p>

## Technology & Programming Languages Used
This website was developed using HTML, CSS and JS programming languages. Coding was done on Visual Studio editor.
* HTML: Used to develop the whole website.
* CSS: Used to style the website to be appealing and stand-out.
* Bootstrap 5: Used for styling.

## Support, Feedback & Contact Details
For any Suppoert or Feedback, fill free to contact the me through email at lawifirst@gmail.com or visit: [Lawi Otieno Github](https://github.com/LawiOtieno).
We are open for any recommendation and update suggestions.

## License
[MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).

Copyright (c) [2021] [Lawrence Otieno]
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
